Frankenstein the name stands for fear
Frankenstein he shocks the world as he
mocks the devil Frankenstein
he creates monsters of men
Frankenstein's most terrifying
experiment comes to light
Frankenstein created woman who am i who
mouse
a shield indestructible matter what is
it for what is it for to give life after
death by train net what it's for
life after death peter cushing as balan
thank ensign who crosses swords with
Satan in his fight for immortality she
lives she hands his life
Susan Denberg as Christina the deformed
creature transformed by Frankenstein to
a living Beauty within her a dead man
revengeful urge to kill kill him kill
him Christina volley Walter's a doctor
who helps Frankenstein to violate some
laws of nature
Christina my dear that man possesses
such power such knowledge certain or
sometimes I don't even understand him
myself
the boy hands is the tool of the
Frankenstein experiment these boys are
the cost
how's come regret he's come back from
the grave
somebody's brought him back